I would like to thank you for giving me the chance
to share my knowledge and experience with you.
It's an absolutely exciting time to be using
the Cloud to run your applications and infrastructure.
With all the news about Cloud data breaches,
it's a little scary to be thinking about hosting your applications and data in the Cloud.
I'm really hopeful that the ideas that I shared will help you architect and
deploy secure and protected applications in the Cloud with confidence.
Without a doubt, the skills that you have gained from
the Cloud architect nanodegree program
will take you to the next level in your Cloud journey.